Technology shifts that once took decades now unfold and months.
The cloud is revolutionizing the way we work where we learn.
The way we entertain.
This revolution is transforming the video industry.
With migration to the cloud increasing exponentially.
From video servers to media services from finite infrastructure to infinite capacity
from channel lineups to streaming anytime everywhere NWS Media Services combine the
vast capabilities of the Amazon Web Services cloud with the deep video
expertise of Bay WS elemental.
Wherever you are on your journey to the cloud.
We help you deliver your premium content to every device with cloud
based pay as you go services that form the core of agile
scalable Future Ready video workflows.
Whether you're launching a TV channel delivering on demand programming or broadcasting
live events on a global scale.
With flexible infrastructure and simplified video operations you can focus on what
really matters.
Captivating your viewers extending your reach and monetizing your content.
WS elemental perfecting the media experience.